mark and ben are waiting for the
elevator mark has to go down to the
first floor
and ben's going to have some dinner up
on the 10th
two elevators arrive at the same time
and they both get in different elevators
well one of them isn't too smart which
one
it's ben he needs to go up but his
elevator is going down
you're chilling watching tv when you
hear the doorbell
you aren't expecting anyone but you go
to the door anyway and
open it there's no one there just a
basket of candies
and a letter the letter says dear
charlie thank you very much for your
help
i really like you and wanted to ask if
you want to go out sometime
all my love always there's no name on
the litter and you have no clue who it
could be from
luckily there's a short little riddle
3rd of august
4th of february 2nd of may 3rd of
december
6th of october can you crack the code
and find out who your secret admirer is
the third of august means the third
letter in august which is
g the fourth letter of february is r the
second letter of may is
a the third letter of december is c
and the sixth letter of october is e so
your secret admirer's name is grace
do you even know anyone named grace you
open your eyes and find yourself in a
dungeon
there are a couple of torches around to
light the room up a bit
you walk over to the door and try to
open it but
of course it's locked there's three
buttons on the right side of the door
a red one a purple one and a yellow one
one of them will set you free
and the other two will lock you in
forever
but you're lucky there's a hint n t e
r o w l u t p p b
m buy a val will you which button should
you press to escape
if you put the letters in the right
order you'll get purple button
since only one button opens the door and
the other two trap you in
you gotta try your luck with the purple
one
jessie is a mom of three who works as a
detective
she comes home late one night and goes
right into the kitchen to get dinner
ready
waiting for her in there a huge mess
looks like someone
already had their dinner a chocolate
pasta sandwich
she doesn't let her kids eat that kind
of stuff so she goes upstairs and rounds
up all her kids
katie serena and hannah are all busy
doing their homework
they all deny eating chocolate pasta but
she still knows who it was
who's lying and how did jesse know
back in the kitchen the knife's on the
right hand side of the chocolate pasta
that means the person who made the
sandwich is left-handed
she has only one left-handed kid and
that's
hannah you get lost in the forest
and you end up wandering around the
whole day
finally at sunset you come across a
small and spooky house
looks like a witch lives there you have
no other choice
so you go in and ask her to show you the
way out of this
crazy forest the witch agrees but
on one condition you have to play a game
if you answer correctly she lets you go
if you make a mistake
you have to stay with her forever here's
the question
you have something that's yours you
barely use it
but others use it a lot what is it
it's your name you're abroad
enjoying the sun and a much needed
vacation
one day at the beach you meet a
beautiful woman and spend the whole day
with her
in the evening you ask her if you can
meet again tomorrow
she smiles and says yes if you can guess
where she comes from
but she really likes you so she gives
you a hint
the place i'm from is two of armenia one
of germany
two of england one of turkey two of
india
and one of australia can you guess where
she's from
two of armenia means you have to take
the first two letters of the name
armenia ar the rest are the same
one of germany is g two of england is
e n one of turkey is t
i n from india and a from australia
together they make argentina that was a
lot of work
she better be worth it you're wandering
in a different forest
and you come across a picnic they're all
witches
you try to hide before they notice you
but uh oh
what do they want actually they're
pretty chill
they just need a little help there are
eight of them
and one of them celebrating her 999th
birthday
they've got a birthday cake but there's
a problem and no
it's not that there's too many candles
and too little cake
their magic knife can only make three
cuts
and they can't figure out how to cut the
cake into eight pieces
can you figure it out
first cut the cake in half then make
another cut
so there are four equal pieces now cut
the cake
sideways through the middle so it has
two layers
now everybody gets a piece
helena finally got herself a new guitar
she wanted to play it right away but she
had school
she locked it in a room and left when
she got home that evening
the guitar was gone her family was kind
of fun
they were always pulling pranks on each
other she asked everyone about her
guitar
here's what they said her mom said she
hadn't even seen the guitar
her dad said he saw it when he walked
past her room
but then he didn't go in because he had
a lot of work to do
her brother said he was at home but
spent the whole day downstairs
helena solved the mystery instantly can
you figure it out
her dad's lying he said he saw the
guitar while walking past her room
but that would be impossible she locked
the door on her way out
mrs miller left the house and put a
hundred dollar bill in the dining room
for her son
but the son said he never saw the money
there were three other people in the
house that morning
stephen the gardener bill the cook and
molly the housemaid
steve said he saw the money but he's an
honest man
he'd never take it bill said he spent
the morning in the kitchen
and didn't see the money at all molly
said she had to open the kitchen window
but didn't want the bill to fly away so
she put it in this book
between pages 35 and 36. can you tell
who's lying
molly is she couldn't have put the money
between pages 35 and 36
there are two sides of the same page
kevin's a single father of four he was
working late one evening and got a call
from a neighbor
the neighbor just saw one of his
daughters walking around with her
friends
in a totally different neighborhood it
was dark
so the neighbor couldn't tell which
daughter it was
when kevin came back home he asked his
daughters which one of them was
out after dark lily said she was reading
all evening
madison said she was playing uno riley
said she was in the backyard in the pool
ava said she was talking to a friend in
her room
kevin immediately knew who was lying
do you
it was madison she couldn't have been
playing uno by herself
she's hiding something josh was walking
in a forest at night
and came across an old castle he was
curious
so he found a way in and started walking
down a corridor
pretty soon he met three people they
said they were two
werewolves and a vampire they wanted to
keep josh in there forever
but in the end decided to give him one
chance to get away
he had to guess who the vampire was he
was allowed to ask the same question to
each of them
as long as it wasn't are you a vampire
josh asked what's your eye color
why did he ask it and how would that
even help him
vampires don't have a reflection in the
mirror and don't show up in photos
the vampire probably wouldn't know what
color eyes it had
bonus time can you think of any other
question that josh could have asked
those three guys
how well do you know your vampires and
werewolves